hey what's going on guys it's luck one
here and welcome to video three of the
minecraft beta 1.3 update and in this
video I'm going to show you guys
redstone repeater blocks how they work
how they're made all that good stuff
first I want to take advantage of the
night time at it's nighttime right now
and I want to show you guys what it's
like when you sleep in the bed so we
come over to the bed and we right-click
the bed we lay down in it it fades out
it's very dramatic and it's morning yeah
it's time to go eat some breakfast very
cool alright that's awesome so now what
I want to do is I want to explain to you
guys the redstone repeater block
basically the redstone repeater block is
kind of like mmm remember before when
you would have let's go ahead and lay it
out so i'm going to show you let's start
it here 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 9 10 11 12 13 14
15 remember before when yet 15 will do
16 16 right there when you had 16
redstone wire and yeah on and when you
got to the end let's see where is mine
let's go make one real fast
and there we go okay so let's go ahead
and lay that down and we're going to
stand on it and there we go now as you
can see the last one the 16th one is
black obviously not getting power but
the cool thing that they updated in this
also that a lot of people don't know is
if you look at the coloration of the
redstone wire as it gets towards the end
and the power starts getting lower and
lower the wire starts fading into a
different color until it turns black
that means there's no power being
provided to it well at this point we
would create one of those big bulky what
do you call boosters but instead of
creating a big bulky booster here's what
we can do so let's come over to the
workbench and I'm going to show you how
to create these the redstone repeaters
so we can eat stone on the bottom we're
going to need red stone in the middle
two redstone torches on the side and
there's a redstone repeater now let's go
ahead and collect this stuff here and
we're going to put one down so we're
going to put one down here now one
thing's I wanted I wanted to say also
was the redstone repeater the way it
works when you play it down if you're
facing a direction if I'm facing this
direction and I lay it down it's going
to work in this direction only as you
can see there's an arrow on it right
there and it points in the direction
that you lay it down it's real easy to
pick up you just hit it once and it
comes up so whichever direction you're
pointing that's the direction it's going
to work so just some food for thought
okay so now we're going to lay it right
there and now we're going to step on the
block and now everything has power now
one of the things I was going to show
you let's go ahead and pick all this up
so now this just took the place of those
bulky boosters that we used to make all
right so let's leave that there okay so
now we're going to do is we're going to
lay this out and put two there and then
we're going to put our note block right
there we'll say let's get something cool
okay that's cool all right some wind do
is we're going to lay down repeater 1
Peter 2 o.c I didn't face the right
direction Peter to and repeater three
and then we'll lay some redstone right
there so at this point the repeater has
four settings let's see let's set all
these back matter of fact I'm actually
going to do something different go fast
rid of that rid of that okay cool let's
go ahead and put this down there and
they're all right so right now it's at
the highest settings so we want to put
it there so if I step on the pressure
plate it's almost interested instant
okay so if we set it back one she is
smaller
smaller delay set it back to see that
and set it back to the last 14 and there
we go so now as you see that right there
that's just that's the the four settings
of delays so the more and more that you
put it back the more and more the delay
is this is probably going to be really
good for creating songs because then it
can be laid on note blocks instead of
using all the different repeaters and
delays okay so what we're going to do
show you that again okay now we're going
to just go ahead and get rid of these
we're gonna lay down the other to make
sure we're facing the right direction
just like that and we're going to play
some all on four just like that so now
if I stand on it watch this and that
cool
what a delay that is so that's really
neat stuff so yeah guys that is the
redstone repeater block and once again
let's make one real fast three stone on
the bottom which you know you have your
stone slabs we have redstone torch
redstone torch and redstone repeater
there we go and that's it so yeah guys a
little recap real fast here's the beds
that's our brand new beds you have to
have three wool in the middle and three
wood at the bottom which will create the
bed and the bed is used to skip day time
so I i heard that these work in
multiplayer but i think everybody has to
be doing it at the same time so if
everybody sleeps that's in the map at
the same time night time will work now
on a server like ours when you have a
whole bunch of people that's not going
to work so we're not going to think
about it we have the different slabs we
have the Sam stone slab the cobble stone
slab and the wood slab pretty cool stuff
just want to thank everybody for
everything I want to thank a team over
at mahjong that you guys are doing great
and we love everything that you're doing
and just thank you so much for
everything that you're doing for us
alright guys have a great night and I
hope you enjoy these videos bye